=pod

=head1 NAME

syntax - Activate syntax extensions

=head1 VERSION

version 0.005

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # either
    use syntax 'foo';

    # or
    use syntax foo => { ... };

    # or
    use syntax qw( foo bar ), baz => { ... };

    # Require minimum version
    use syntax foo => { -version => '0.001', ... }, ...;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module activates community provided syntax extensions to Perl. You pass it
a feature name, and optionally a scalar with arguments, and the dispatching
system will load and install the extension in your package.

The import arguments are parsed with L<Data::OptList>. The only standard option
L</-version>. Please consult the documentation for the specific syntax feature
to find out about possible configuration options.

The passed in feature names are simply transformed: C<function> becomes
L<Syntax::Feature::Function> and C<foo_bar> would become
C<Syntax::Feature::FooBar>.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 import

    syntax->import( @spec );

This method will dispatch the syntax extension setup to the specified feature
handlers for the calling package.

=head2 import_into

    syntax->import_into( $into, @spec );

Same as L</import>, but performs the setup in C<$into> instead of the calling
package.

=head2 unimport

    syntax->unimport( @features );

This method will trigger uninstallations of the C<@features> from the
calling package.

=head2 unimport_from

    syntax->unimport_from( $from, @features );

Same as L</unimport>, but will uninstall the C<@features> from C<$from>.

=head1 SYNTAX FEATURE OPTIONS

Please consult the documentation for the specific syntax feature to find out
about possible configuration options.

=head2 C<-version>

Version parseable by L<version>. Will be removed from the option list passed to
the feature.

=head1 RECOMMENDED FEATURES

=over

=item * L<Syntax::Feature::Function>

Activates functions with parameter signatures.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Syntax::Feature::Function>,
L<Devel::Declare>
L<version>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to bug-syntax@rt.cpan.org or through the web interface at:
 http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=syntax

=head1 AUTHOR

Robert 'phaylon' Sedlacek <rs@474.at>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Robert 'phaylon' Sedlacek.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

